chore: set PG log_min_messages to fatal in docker-compose.yml (#9715)
supabase/supabase: apps/reference/docs/guides/hosting/overview.mdx

Supabase Administrative role for maintaining your database.

### Realtime Logs

> Running Realtime will generate a lot of redundant database logs. You can mute these logs by setting your database's `log_min_messages` configuration to `fatal`. However, you might miss important log messages, such as database errors, by doing so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set your database's `log_min_messages` configuration to `fatal` to prevent redundant database logs generated by Realtime. However, you might miss important log messages such as database errors. Configure `log_min_messages` based on your needs.
```
